[Music]
although the people of Dorset will
certainly have come across tandoori
cooking one dish they may not be
familiar with is my delicious savory
semolina cake it's just really light and
fresh and full of vegetables and I think
it's a perfect kind of tea time so
that's okay if I could ask you to weigh
the semolina and if you could just give
me 165 grams you just put it in here
that's fine perfect all right so let me
get some yogurt out of the fridge I'm
gonna use kind of really good quality
fresh whole yogurt because I really want
this to be slightly rich because it
doesn't really have much butter or oil
and you need to make it slightly moist
if you just kind of great just half a
little bit more than half that should be
nuts it might seem strange to Western
tastebuds but adding vegetables to a
cake is traditional in any Gujarati
household I just kind of chop them up
into not too small pieces that's
slightly even a dozen Omega I'm also
putting in some frozen peas some grated
ginger and mix all we need now is a
little bit of TACA TACA TACA
is by heating some seeds up or some
spices up in an oil and she's adding it
on top so the bracelet is called taka
yeah or tempering how I've heard of that
I've heard of tempering so dark out the
Indian word for tempering all right
cumin seeds mustard seeds and sesame
seeds this is a very good jarate dish
actually and they they often like
they're things to be slightly sweet and
savory and they use a lot of mustard
seeds and they actually one of the few
people who use quite they use a lot of
sesame seeds also and it's just you know
you just bite into little season it
gives you a new flavor it's just it's
really delicious
just be careful whenever you're making a
taco or you're tempering spices that you
want to heat the oil up so that the
seeds get into the hot oil but not so
hot that they burn because these are
very delicate and if they do burn they
become bitter really quickly
that's gun and I'm gonna pour that in
there you smell he's smelling sneeze and
all the favorite altars and that
fantastic fear it's gonna go right into
your food and flavor the entire batter
put a bicarb of soda about half a
teaspoon worth and then the trick is
just mix it mix it pour it in trying to
put it straight in the oven and at the
and then I'm gonna sprinkle some sesame
seeds on top which will kind of rooks
and twist a little bit in the upper so
that's nice at the top but beautiful and
let's just have a little crunch as you
bite into it if you could just spoon it
out thank you take our sesame seeds I
just love that combination of sweet and
salt so do take about half an hour I'll
have a check with a skewer
[Music]
like at times like this I get peckish I
want the cake now patience we took it
for something yeah another for about
half nice it should be done
what's that stick for that's to just see
if the skewer comes out clean with no
batter that's done so it's done
Wow oh that's you see yeah the beautiful
kind of moistness and the peas and mouse
a little crusty shall we
I think that's Jim you when it's hot no
one like this cold mmm it's good cool
too